Frequently Asked Questions

What is a testnet?
A testnet is an instance of a blockchain used specifically for testing. In contrast to a mainnet blockchain, which represents a production environment, testnets allow developers to test their apps and smart contracts without risking assets with real-world value. Testnet tokens are assets that can be freely obtained from testnet faucets to experiment with funds flows on testnets.

How can I get native tokens on testnet like ETH and MATIC?
Developers can use Circle's Faucet in the Developer Console to obtain testnet ETH and MATIC. Testnet tokens generated from the Developer Console will be sent to wallet addresses created with Programmable Wallets. Get started for free.

What's the difference between this Faucet and the Faucet in the Developer Console?
This Faucet is public and permissionless for anyone to use. There's no account required, and it can provide free access to testnet USDC and EURC on all supported blockchains.

The Faucet in the Developer Console provides free access to both native tokens on testnet like ETH and MATIC and stablecoin tokens on testnet like USDC and EURC. It can only fund wallet addresses created with Programmable Wallets. Get started for free.

Which testnets does this Faucet support?
This Faucet provides access to testnet tokens on every blockchain that supports USDC and EURC. See our docs for USDC testnet addresses and EURC testnet addresses.

How much USDC can I get from this Faucet?
Developers can request 10 USDC on testnet per hour, per address, and per blockchain. If you need more, you can submit a request on Circle's Discord.

Why am I seeing an error message of “Limit Exceeded”?
This means that you have exceeded a limit and you will need to wait to try again. Developers can request 10 USDC on testnet per hour, per address, and per blockchain. If you need more, you can submit a request on Circle's Discord.

How can I get testnet USDC if the testnet I need it on isn't listed in the network dropdown?
If the chain you're trying to access testnet USDC on isn't listed, you can use Circle's CCTP V2 to move USDC from Ethereum Sepolia to your target chain (as long as the target is supported by CCTP). Follow the CCTP Quickstart Guide in the Developer Docs and make sure to select CCTP V2 for testnet transfers across chains.